This is your final warning.
Listen carefully.
Evacuate Japan.
[man] Is that a poison gas missile?
[woman] The government has ordered
citizens to seek shelter indoors
but disorder continues
all over the country!
What are you doing?!
-At this rate, it really will be war.
-Whatever do you mean, Tanaka?
Haven't I been saying it from the start?
This is war.
Sato's gone completely nuts.
But what'll we do now?
I have an idea about that.
Nagai!
[Tosaki] Why did you come back?
It should be obvious.
You need my help to stop Sato.
Don't make me laugh!
Just what can you do for us now?!
I know that you don't trust me,
and I don't care.
But...
I'm going to stop Sato
because that's what I should do.
-Nagai.
-You...
There's been an explosion!
It seems to have gone off within the SDF
base that the Ajin Sato is occupying.
The explosion happened without warning.
They're really making a scene.
UNKNOWN CALLER
Go ahead.
We need to talk.
[chorus singing] Open your eyes
This destiny
If I can't escape it
Then I'll swallow it all down
Both right and wrong
And I'll fight
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
The menace that dominates
The darkness in my troubled mind
The truth of a human
Who has begun to lose control
That meaninglessness
I've come to know it
If even counterfeit peace
Will break into pieces
I will cast
A defiant shadow
It's the end of escape
Stand up
Because it's the only way
Follow it
The small hope I aim for
The weakness that spilled
From the proffered hand
I swallowed it all down
Both right and wrong
And lost my mind
BUT THAT MAKES IT INTERESTING,
SO WHATEVER
Recovery operations complete.
-Proceed with search operations.
-Copy that.
Capture the targets at all costs.
We're going to show them what they get
for humiliating us.
They really hate being made
to look foolish.
Now they'll stop playing around.
Oh, Tanaka, this is going to be great.
You're the only person who would say that
after humiliating the American military.
But we lost that killer gas.
Won't that hurt us?
Well, it's no fun killing a bunch of
defenseless folks with poison gas, is it?
No point in killing anyone
who isn't coming to kill us.
[sighs]
This is the search team.
We've found Sato's escape route.
We'll send backup immediately.
Colonel, it's the Pentagon.
Yes.
Yes, we've secured all of them.
Search operations are underway.
What? But, no, if we do that.
All right. Understood.
What happened?
Get me the prime minister's office.
In other words, we're going to take
the nerve gas that was recovered
and disperse it underground,
thus disabling Sato?
It's been decided that that is
the only way to capture Sato
and regain control of the situation.
But that plan would require significant
time for civilian evacuation
and in that time he may escape.
Well...
We can't evacuate the civilians,
or Sato will realize what we're doing.
So they're just collateral damage?!
It will be treated as a terrorist attack
from Sato.
He will be blamed for--
I'm not asking how we spin it!
How could you think so little
of our citizens?!
The U.S. military is really the one
in charge now.
We don't have the ability to stop them...
Unbelievable.
[sighs]
The operation begins in seven hours.
The gas won't be dispersed
if we can catch Sato before then.
That is the only way we can win now.
-But still--
-I told you this is what would happen
if the Commission left Sato
in the wild like this.
Here again, huh?
No need to be on guard.
This isn't a trap.
Why did you contact us?
You stood up to Sato twice, and lived.
We've decided you're the only one
who can stop him.
And we want to help you do just that.
And in return?
Sato isn't the type to let traitors live.
And there are only three of you?
There were more of you
at Musashi Industries, weren't there?
They all split.
Said we were crazy to take on Sato.
I don't disagree with them.
Tanaka, too?
-No, Tanaka is...
-He stayed behind with Sato, didn't he?
So what if he did?
If you wanna stop Sato,
you're gonna have to work with us.
Tanaka warned us this kid
was a pain in the ass.
You all should shut your mouths.
As if we'd simply start trusting
a bunch of terrorist filth like you.
Ah? You shut up, you bastard!
We're only here because you people
used Ajin like lab animals!
So, what are you gonna do?
Are you with us? Or not?
Hold on a second.
Yes?
[Sokabe over phone]
How about we make a deal.
Sokabe?
We've got one hell of a situation
on our hands, huh?
How about you cut to the chase?
Pfft. What a time to take a call.
You. Do you know where Sato is?
-He should be in his underground hideout.
-Come with me.
Huh?
What are you doing?!
Don't just stand there.
Izumi, you're back!
We're really gonna work with terrorists?
Yes. We've got no time left,
and no other options.
This is Takahashi, Gen, and Okuyama.
Yo.
[sighs]
[gasps]
A massacre.
[both chuckle]
-Mister!
-We got them!
It was you! You assholes...
[shouting]
Hey, idiot! Stop!
Where's the old man?!
Where are you hiding him?!
Settle down, there.
We let those guys go.
What? Really?
Ah. Yeah, he's probably back
with his family.
Hear that, you dumb kid?
[Nakano] Call me dumb again,
you son of a--
Stop it!
[Nakano] Let me punch him!
[Nagai] I said knock it off!
[Nakano] Nagai!
Can't believe we've got all these Ajin
in one spot.
It's like my own personal harem.
Yeah, I'll leave that to you.
Knock it off, you guys.
Get the hell inside.
Hang on just a moment.
Oh?
Not sure if this will be
to your liking or not, but...
[all gasp]
If we're gonna go, we've gotta go big.
The U.S. military currently has the area
with the SDF Garrison cordoned off.
They plan on sacrificing this entire area
in order to capture Sato.
Sacrifice?
They're going to disperse the nerve gas
below ground.
This of course means that
thousands of people will die.
[all grunt]
The operation starts at 3 a.m.
We have roughly four hours left.
Capture Sato before then,
no matter what it takes.
Understood?
Oh, yeah, we got it.
However, the AASF is also moving
to capture Sato.
One condition is that we
have to execute our operation
without clashing with the AASF.
So, as for our strategy...
This is a map of subterranean Tokyo
that Okuyama made.
Sato's hideout is here.
Sato's plan is to lure
the U.S. military in and hit them here.
In other words, he's fully prepared to
engage whatever or whoever comes at him.
What in the world is Sato planning?
The civil rights and independence demands
were just nonsense.
What's his real goal?
Tosaki, when you play a game,
are you thinking like:
"I'm gonna save that princess!"
-What are you talking about?
-The story's important,
but you play the game
because stomping turtles is fun.
Wouldn't know. I don't play games.
He's saying Sato's a simple man.
He's no revolutionary, no tactician.
He's just playing a game.
But that's why he's got a weakness
we can capitalize on.
What do you plan to do?
Bury him alive.
Tanaka, take care of that enemy there.
No, that's kind of a late warning.
I died.
You're as bad at games
as you are at shooting.
Yeah, sorry, this just isn't my thing.
[alarm beeping]
Oh, seems we have guests.
Looks like it'll be a late night party.
This is exciting.
We're about to take on
the strongest army in the world.
We must provide appropriate entertainment.
Was this what you've wanted
this whole time?
-Hmm?
-I mean, dragging the Americans into this.
That's why you saved me,
built up a team, and went through
with those terrorist attacks?
Not at all!
It's no fun if you know who
the last boss is from the get-go, right?
Oh, so, this is the end?
Eh?
I mean, the game ends
when you beat the last boss, doesn't it?
[laughs] What do you mean, Tanaka?
The best part of the game
is the second playthrough!
[clanging]
[Nagai] Pardon me.
Hate to interrupt your fun.
So it's you, Nagai.
That was fast.
I'm impressed you found me.
Even hiding in the sewers
you can't cover up
your murderous stench.
Mm. Okuyama and the others.
I certainly didn't expect that.
But that makes it interesting,
so whatever.
I'll give you interesting.
About that U.S. military
you're waiting for...
By the way, Nagai,
do you remember how I told you
that I hate it when people get in my way?
Vaguely.
But you're the one getting in the way
of my--
[yelling] I'm asking if you remember!
Answer the question!
There are three ways we can hit
someone like Sato.
One, we can provoke him.
Watch out!
Go, Ghost!
Kill him!
Two, we can create a diversion.
Pardon me...!
Too bad.
You lose.
Ghost!
Whoa, two in a row...?!
He's as impressive as ever.
Three.
The fact that I'm a known threat,
coupled with my escape.
We have to fall back!
You won't get away today.
[all panting]
If we can lure Sato to this point,
we simply have to blow up the ceiling
and we can bury him alive.
Makes sense.
If he's buried alive,
it doesn't matter if he can regenerate.
Exactly.
And we win.
One more time, Ghost!
Stop them with all you've got!
I know!
How many can that kid make?
Nagai's got a ton of black stuff
to work with. [laughs]
But even so, he can't make more than one
at the same time.
Damn it!
They stopped him!
I can't use my ghost for a while!
Hurry!
The only problem left is whether or not
you guys can stay ahead of Sato.
I'll use my ghost.
We'll figure something out.
The way you plan and think
is just like Sato.
Although your endgame
could use a bit of work.
[gunshot then shouts]
Nagai!
Oh, well.
I'll have to arrange some insurance.
It's fine.
Let's go.
Huh?
So this is your handiwork, Okuyama.
Sorry to have to do this.
We had some good times together.
Sorry to bust your beloved toys, Okuyama.
[Sato] Since when are you
such a good shot?
"Everything takes practice."
Shall we get going?
Yes, let's continue.
I see it, Nagai!
Just a bit more!
They're here. Kuro-chan.
Wait. We can't get stuck here.
We can cut through here.
I expect nothing less from an Ajin...
[chuckles]
What?!
I wanted
to finish that talk from before, Sato!
You can wait all you want,
but the U.S. military won't be coming.
They're aiming to disable you
with the nerve gas.
What?! Is that a joke?!
All of us,
we're sick of being
a part of your games!
What?
Buried alive, huh?
Mr. Sato!
Nice idea.
However,
just when you think you've won...
somebody pulls the rug out
from under you.
All right,
I'm going to contact Sokabe.
What is it?
No way.
-It's going to collapse?
-We overdid it.
No, it's the floor!
-We're going down!
-Mr. Tosaki!
T-minus 35 minutes.
[Sato] I am going to kill
each and every one of you.
[gasps]
[gun clicks]
Mr. Tosaki!
Are you all right?!
[footsteps approaching]
Press start to play.
TO BE CONTINUED
[chorus singing]
I'm tired of this one already, so
I'll trade it
For your ordinary one
A shiny holy card
For a grainy paper card
You can see them all
When you come to my house
So
Two of us in the corner of the schoolyard
While the wind blows
I might be able to say it now
Words I've never said to anyone
"Won't you come and play, I'll be nice"
"I'll give you anything, see"
"Be my friend
Always"
Created by:
Matt Duncan